Support both take over configuration (#45222)
elastic/beats: docs/reference/filebeat/filebeat-input-filestream.md

`take_over.enabled: true` requires the `filestream` to have a unique ID.
::::

This `take over` mode was created to enable smooth migration from
deprecated `log` inputs to the new `filestream` inputs and to allow
changing `filestream` input IDs without data re-ingestion.

See [*Migrate `log` input configurations to `filestream`*](/reference/filebeat/migrate-to-filestream.md) for more details about the migration process.

The previous configuration format `take_over: true`, while

> discouraged, is still supported to migrate state from the `log` input

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deprecated, is still supported to migrate state from the `log` input
```

deprecated is the word you want to use to allow us to remove it later.

> The previous configuration format `take_over: true`, while
> discouraged, is still supported to migrate state from the `log` input
> to `filestream`.

Reviewer 2: It probably doesn't make sense to just update this paragraph, but after looking at https://github.com/elastic/beats/pull/42624 I think we need to clean up this page (and other pages mentioning `take_over`) to accommodate the new approach to versioning.

I opened a separate issue (https://github.com/elastic/beats/issues/45243) to track this ahead of the 9.1 release. I'll leave it up to you if you want to adjust this content in this PR or if you'd like me to open a separate PR with my suggestions for you to review.

```suggestion
The configuration format for enabling take over mode varies by version:
* In version 9.0, use `take_over: true`. {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.0`
* Starting with version 9.1, use `take_over.enabled: true`. {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.1`

While `take_over: true` is still supported to migrate state from the `log` input to
`filestream`, we plan to remove support in a future version so you should use
the new syntax if possible.
```

Author: I'd not make any changes that are not specific to this PR. It's better to do the docs update in a different PR after this one is merged.

IIRC the whole take over update had the docs written based on the assumption that we're releasing them from the feature branches :disappointed: . It's gonna take a while to get everything updated to the new approach and for us, to get used with it as well :/

Reviewer 2: Definitely. I'm expecting this for 9.1 and I've carved out time for the docs team to take a look at the diffs between `main`, `9.0`, and `9.1` ahead of the release to double-check that we have things labeled appropriately. I'm happy to take a first pass on https://github.com/elastic/beats/issues/45243 and just tag your team for review.

I'll be tracking the larger effort for 9.1 in https://github.com/elastic/docs-content-internal/issues/68.

Author: Thanks @colleenmcginnis, that sounds perfect!

> 

Reviewer 3: Do we want to mention an ETA for when this compatibility layer will be removed? Otherwise, I expect people will simply stick with the older syntax.

Author: > Do we want to mention an ETA for when this compatibility layer will be removed?

Not at the moment, we haven't defined any deadline for this. I know internally we use this feature and the current "version filters" we have are based only on the major. So I can see this staying here until 10.x.
